feat: report when local network link drifts from upstream (#222)
0xMiden/midenup: docs/src/getting-started/usage.md

midenup show list
```

> Each toolchain is listed with the networks that run it, and a network that has since moved to a different toolchain is listed with the command that catches you up: `0.14.0 (mainnet is now 0.15.0 upstream -- run midenup update mainnet)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each toolchain is listed with the networks that run it, and a network that has since moved to a different toolchain is listed with the command that catches you up: `0.14.0 (mainnet is now 0.15.0 upstream -- run 'midenup update mainnet')`.
```
